[Music]
What if learning could come to life?
What if it could follow you? Wherever you go.
What if it could take you to new places?
To see new things, new possibilities, and see things from an entirely new
perspective.
Welcome to Degreed Vision, where you can see possibility become reality.
[Music]
Mastering a skill is a powerful thing.
We live in a world where the companies that win, the people who excel, and the
markets that grow
continue to be defined by those that make the most of modern skills.
Yet only 12% of leaders say they have the skills they need to drive the
innovation they want.
We see technology transforming science with computational biology,
Gen AI finally getting us our driverless cars, and data changing even simple
things
like how each of us summarizes the next long email.
Changes everywhere, and we are all struggling to keep up.
But sometimes we forget just how novel the speed of changes today.
Civilization is only about 6,000 years old, and for context, it took 5,700
years to get the first mass produced textbook.
That's the beginning of the modern skill building era.
And then for about 300 years after that, the way we developed skills didn't
really change.
When my parents grew up and wanted to get ready for their careers, they got on
trains and traveled to build skills in centers of learning.
The pace of change was slow, so it was okay that the tools they had were very
limited.
Today it's an entirely different story.
We operate in a world where expertise is everywhere.
It's not just at schools or workplaces. It's captured on YouTube in podcasts,
in chat threads.
For us, all we need to do is formulate a question, and the internet can return
the resources we need to develop a skill.
But the unbelievable thing is that 20 years after the revolution in how
knowledge and skills are developed based on the internet,
everything is changing again.
For those entering today's workforce, the story will be totally different.
With gains in artificial intelligence, for the first time we can imagine
putting the world's greatest tutor in the pocket of every learner,
we couple nearly infinite content with nearly infinite opportunities for
personalization.
For every industry, for every corporation, and for every individual, the
possibilities are endless.
One second.
Maestro, how'd I do?
No formalities, shall we jump right in?
Yes, sorry for that. Go ahead.
Well, Max, I'd say you did well. There were some areas that you might want to
improve.
You built good context by talking about how fast the world is moving.
You also made this very personal by tying it to your parents, your life, and
today's workforce.
You didn't stumble, and it was easy to understand what you said.
Good, but what could I improve?
In this attempt, you didn't bring up that the pace of change is accelerating,
not only for learning technology, but across industries.
You also didn't mention how much more productive the world has become with
every step change in humanity's ability to learn.
Without that realization, people might be scared instead of excited.
If you'd like, I could recommend some content that helps capture both the pace
of change and also some videos from AI researchers talking about the potential
gains of this AI revolution.
Sure, pin 'em.
Quick sidebar. When Degreed is my coach, the good news is that I can couple the
endless opportunities to improve with the resources to make it happen.
Degreed exists because the world is changing fast.
Since our founding, we've worked to make Degreed the platform for how skills
would be recognized and rewarded regardless of where they were created.
In an institution of higher learning, through an online course or video, or on
the job.
The reason Dave and Eric set out on this path was because they predicted the
massive shifts in how the world works.
Unfortunately, even today, most learning software remains inflexible, optimized
to check a box on learning requirements.
Our team built the only learning platform designed to drive workforce
transformation, not workforce requirements.
We started by helping the world bring together and curate all of their sources
of content in a way that delighted learners.
We added capabilities around skills management early on in our journey so
people could get more personalized learning based on what they knew and who
they were.
We built capabilities to strengthen reporting, organizational administration,
and better connect our platform to the core systems that powered our customers'
business.
We delivered this all on one consistent platform, one data model, one
integration layer, and one world-class experience.
But the work isn't done. The world is moving faster than ever. In today's world
, a research scientist needs to know Python as much as they need to know lab
research methods.
A marketing professional needs the skills to prompt a generative AI system to
test new ideas.
Leaders need to be able to understand and interpret data with the same savv
iness of skill that they built in subjects like communications.
The exciting news is that the tools we can deploy to build skills are improving
at an even faster rate than the pace of change.
Today at Vision, you're going to get a glimpse of how we see the world and what
we plan to do to help you take advantage of this moment of innovation.
Our aspiration is to make it simpler, faster, and more delightful for Degreed to
help you turn the talent you have into the talent you need.
And let me give you the cliff notes. At the core of it all is our platform.
We believe that to deliver transformation every company needs to be able to
pinpoint needs, personalize development, and measure change.
That is what Degreed is designed to do. Degreed skills technology is built to
create an actionable view on your organization's needs and pinpoint development
opportunities for each learner.
Like with our approach to content, we don't believe that any one technique or
skill technology will rule them all.
It's our job to synthesize skill data from a variety of vendors, drive
inference from across your environments, and synchronize all that information
with the systems that matter most in your landscape.
From there, you can change your workflows with confidence with our next Degreed
skills released in December, which you'll hear a lot more about later today.
We're excited that you can now manage all that data in whatever skills taxonomy
you select.
The byproduct of pinpointing your needs through this data is that Degreed can
now serve the right learning to the right learner at the right time.
This has been core to our mission since day one.
To drive the most engagement with development opportunities, we have always
helped you meet your learners where they are.
We deliver Degreed across the web on Android and iOS through browser extensions
and in Slack and Teams.
And now we are excited to extend our chat capabilities to support learners in
other co-pilots and chatbots.
But the data we have also confirms that not all skill building can happen in a
chat thread or across a three minute video.
Our platform was designed to recognize and accommodate that.
It's why we deliver deep skill building experiences in the form of academies.
And I'm happy to announce the Degreed Academies will now be fully integrated
into the platform in this month's major release.
Flexibility to deliver programs across the short, medium and long arcs of
learning gives you the best opportunity to transform your business quickly.
No conversation about personalized development, however, would be complete
without AI.
Our investments into automation and a refreshed user experience lay the
foundation for everything that succumbed in an AI first world.
And we couldn't be more excited to use new technologies to deliver the most
personalized learning you can imagine.
You'll spend some more time with Maestro today, but imagine it.
AI agents tuned for every learning experience.
For the first time in history, AI makes it possible to teach to every
individual at infinite scale.
We've started to show the possibilities through the launch of our very public
Degreed Experiments.
Thousands of you have already engaged with them.
And the energy is only building. It is awesome to see.
But the story of Degreed wouldn't be complete without one more pillar.
Learning has always suffered from a lack of measurable ROI.
This gap is why we spend magnitude more educating our youth before they reach
the workforce than they do afterwards.
And this is true even in the face of growing lifetimes, changing employment
models and technical skills that come and go faster than ever before.
With analytics, badging, and integration into data warehouses, and a slew of
new benchmarking capabilities,
Degreed is bringing the tools your team needs to demonstrate learning ROI to
your organization.
Degreed helps you understand what to focus on.
Deliver the learning experiences to address those needs and now gives you the
capability to not only measure activity, but also to see the impact.
So far the feedback from our customers using our new benchmarking and learning
analytics capabilities has been phenomenal.
I'd encourage everyone to try them out.
Together, we will make transformation possible.
We'll build opportunity for every learner and success for every organization.
Pinpoint needs, personalized development, measure change.
I gave you a bit of a teaser, but we haven't even gotten going. Welcome to
Vision.
I might be biased, but since skills is my love language, I don't think there is
a more exciting topic to start vision off with than skills.
Skills are all the rage in the industry today, but at Degreed, we were into
skills before they were cool.
Degreed has been on skills to deliver a better learning experience for nearly a
decade.
Our skill assessments have helped organizations assess, track and understand
their team skills.
To date, we have collected nearly 50 million skill assessments in Degreed, and
that number climbs every day.
We've parsed and inferred skill data not as a money making product, but as a
way to make learning more impactful.
And we've introduced Skill Coach to help customers use skills to drive more
meaningful development conversations.
Since starting, we've helped more than four million learners evaluate their
skills.
But the problem today is that the skills landscape is messy.
With everyone using the same buzzwords, it's hard to tell what people do.
Most vendors focus on extracting data and analytics.
Few vendors help you not only get insight, but also take action, not us.
For Degreed, skills data has always been the fuel that powers workforce change.
Skills data helps us personalize learning and deliver better outcomes.
The most powerful thing about a great teacher, a great mentor, or a great boss
is their care.
Their empathy for your situation, their understanding of your challenges.
But until now, it's been impossible to deliver this type of understanding at
scale.
You have to balance a desire for great learning outcomes with the reality of
budget requirements.
In the end, you compromise.
Skills data makes personalized learning at scale a possibility.
The problem is that it's tough to take advantage.
Skills data comes from all over in all different formats and requires some real
data science to harness.
That's why every customer we speak with has the same question.
Can you help us make this simple?
In March, we release capabilities to allow our customers to adjust and normal
ize their rating systems across skill data providers.
We also set our sights on a broader ambition.
Today, we are announcing our next major step by adding three major capabilities
into Degreed Skills.
Many of you want to use the skills taxonomies you've built for your
organizations to manage your learning programs.
Beginning in December, we'll allow you to do just that.
Bring your organizational skills to the table and we will normalize all the
data from Degreed, our content providers, and your core HR systems against them.
You choose one skills taxonomy, we'll make it all work together.
Frankly, anyone with enough compute power can do that.
But with our December release, we will also begin customizing the front end of
Degreed based on your language.
Our search, recommendations, and inference will drive off your taxonomy.
Degreed Skills becomes an engine to configure your Degreed experience in real
time.
When you press publish, your entire Degreed instance transforms.
Finally, we're making it easier to understand by changing the name to Skills
Plus.
We're doing this to eliminate any confusion.
If you're a Degreed customer for years and happy with our taxonomy, our
assessments, and our current skills suggestions,
all the skills technology that you're used to will stay available at your
fingertips.
With Skills+, you set the taxonomy.
You integrate the systems that matter, you identify the skills that matter most
, and how your organization wants to evaluate those skills.
You set up the processes to keep skills data fresh, and you choose the balance
between inference, input, and assessment.
Let me show you what this looks like in action.
Managing Skills across systems today is an incredibly daunting task.
To work with our content partnered, Degreed tracks and maps more than 200,000
distinct skill labels.
The average Degreed customer integrates with over 30 other solutions.
Notice here on the screen that you can see a pretty typical Degreed integration
setup.
Skill data everywhere.
When we release the first version of Skills+ in March, we laid the
foundation for you to create a baseline of common definitions of skill levels
across your organization, and within the Degreed platform.
Enterprises worldwide are already using the solution in production, preparing
for future releases that will tackle the skills challenge even more.
With our next release, we're adding functionality to ingest, clean, update, and
map skills to users, content, and operations where your employees actually
engage in upskilling.
Here, I've navigated to Skills+, where you can see we have already ingested
multiple skill sources.
We've heard over and over again that our customers want to be able to choose
their skills and how they are defined.
They want these skills mapped to their HRIS and they want control.
With Skills+, we do that.
I'm selecting the HRIS skill source as a primary to kick off the normalization
process.
Here's an inventory showing all the data connected to Skills+.
The most important part is the skills your organization uses to drive employee
experience and ensure business outcomes.
That's where we want to make it easy for you to focus.
You'll note that our processing is done and we've got some suggestions to
manage.
Let's take a look at what our normalization process provides by drilling into
the skill AI Augmented Innovation.
We click through to see suggestions.
This is how we help enhance your skills with default descriptions, translations
across 10 languages, and default skill mappings.
In this case, I'm not going to choose the recommended skill name or description
because for our organization, AI Augmented Innovation is a critical skill that
we need our teams to develop to our standards.
I will accept the synonym mappings.
These mappings are the magic glue that ensures better data, better personal
ization, and more relevant learning.
We're also enabling proficiency level descriptions specific to each skill so
you can define what each level of expertise means to your organization, and
automatically tag learning content accordingly.
With the click of a button, I've created the editable descriptions that will
power the experience throughout Degreed.
Now, I've shown a lot of administration, but the next part is really the
exciting part.
Like I said before, with Skills+, when you press, publish your entire D
egreed front end changes.
It's reconfigured so that your employees are guided to interact with the skills
relevant to their roles, their gaps, and your desired business outcomes.
No other vendor can do this, but Degreed can.
Synonyms are merged to clean up duplicates.
A relevant skills are archived, but most impactfully for learners, the
experienced changes.
This means that personalized recommendations are tailored to each employee's
skill profile and proficiency, all aligned to the skills that are most
important for your organization.
See here, I've navigated to an employee profile.
I see that AI Augmented Innovation is a new suggested skill for Jane.
She can add it and rate it with those custom level descriptions.
And, when it's added to her profile, she can see all the important data around
the skill that drives her experience.
In the end, this fosters growth and engagement leading to better outcomes for
your business.
Don't take it from me. Hear it from one of our customers, Ericsson.
[Applause]
Ericsson being 148 years old is truly changing every single day.
We started out as a telegraph repair company and now we're a powerhouse in 5G.
We have been on a multi-year journey to amplify our critical skills framework
at Ericsson, and for us, that's two things.
It's building critical skills systematically, and it's becoming systematic,
equally systematic, and putting skills to work.
I think our biggest challenge at Ericsson is we have, you know, 100,000 people
in 180 countries who constantly need to change themselves.
They need to change their skill sets and their mindsets, and they are busy.
Every single day, doing the work. People have always been learning at Ericsson,
but it's not always been as simplified as it should be.
And it's not always been as amplified as it should be.
One thing we knew we wanted to do differently was to make skill building
systematic rather than programmatic.
And that meant for us, it had to happen automatically, consequently, every year
, no matter what.
And that's where Degreed came in. Degreed was this very necessary partner to us
in organizing our learning content.
Being a very visible, easy to navigate place where our experiential skill
journeys for all of our critical skills could live,
and that people could define their focus skills and use the power of
recommendations to build their learning.
Everything is there.
People know that they go there first. They know that they can search. They know
they can filter and tag that search.
That's a big one. It's a basic one, but it's still quite fundamental.
People now understand that Ericsson's critical skills connected to strategy
live on Degreed. They know that's where to find them.
Degreed Skills have been a game changer for us, because suddenly they are giving
people what they always needed, which is a mirror.
The ability to look at their skill reflection, their skill signature, if you
will. Understand the skills they have?
Understand the skills that are essential to our strategy, but also bottom up
understand the skills essential to their job role.
We are now able to tag and categorize skills that way, so that people can
search on a job role, can search on an element of our strategy and easily find
content from a variety of sources that maps to that.
With Degreed skills, people are also able to see where they need to go, not just
where they are, and they're able to quickly ascertain what journeys are going
to get them there.
So it's been a great amplifier and a great simplifier for us, but most of all
it's provided that reflection for people to know where they stand and know
where they need to go next.
We often like to say that skills are like oxygen. They are vital, but they're
invisible, and analytics is what makes them visible.
And that's where Degreed comes in. By being our learning experience platform, De
greed helped us make the invisible visible.
We could not have achieved scale, speed, or accountability that we have since
achieved without Degreed being in many ways the home of our critical skills, and
now the home of our job role skills as well.
I've been a Degreed for almost seven years, and I have spent countless hours
talking to our customers and partners about the challenges and opportunities of
using skills data to drive business outcomes.
When I see what's coming with Degreed skills, I see exactly what so many our
ecosystem have been waiting for.
It's an engine to integrate and act on skills data from across your learning
ecosystem. That alone would be enough, but I'm here today to tell you that
there's more.
Running skill-based organization requires more than just getting sight from
your content vendors and learning programs.
To be truly successful, you need to consider the full picture of skill
assessment data, HR system data, and even external marketing intelligence data.
That's why we're so happy to announce that Skills+ will help you normalize
and integrate new types of data into the Degreed learning environment.
Beyond the Workday and SAP integrations that you've been waiting for, we are
proud to announce skill validation partnerships with HackerEarth, iMOCHA,
Workera, and Skillable to bring the assessment data you rely on to your learning
environment and your leverage to drive change.
The average Degreed customer has more than 30 integrations into the system.
With skill validation and inference, that number will only grow. We are happy
to manage that complexity for you.
You can learn more about our integrations and integrations.degreed.com.
And today, we are also happy to bring in new types of skill data into the
Degreed environment.
One that I'm especially excited about comes from a new partnership we are
announcing today with Pearson.
Together, Pearson and Degreed will bring marketing intelligence data from Faethm
directly into Degreed to help you make sense of industry skill data and
future proof your learning plans.
Let's hear more from Vishal Gupta, the president of Workforce Skills at Pearson
.
Hello everybody. I'm Vishal Gupta, president of Workforce Skills at Pearson.
And I'm excited to share how our expanded partnership with Degreed empowers
your organization to future proof your learning.
As you know, AI is rapidly transforming the way we work. And one thing is clear,
the future belongs to those who are prepared with the right skills at the right
time.
Our collaboration with Degreed already helps many of you issued digital
credentials through Pearson's Credly platform,
recognizing key achievements and validating high value skills within the world.
Now, the Degreed skills dashboard will integrate Pearson's Faethm data sets
offering market insights into the most relevant and emerging skills across
industries.
Degreed users get compared their work for skills portfolio, industry benchmarks
, identify critical gaps and prioritize key areas for upscaling.
As AI continues to reshape the way we work, this partnership between Degreed emp
owers and ensures your workforce is not just ready for today, but for the future
.
Thank you very much.
I am so excited about Skills+ and our growing ecosystem of Skills Partners.
But that's not all we're here to talk about today.
This year we challenged ourselves to do more because this moment demands more.
Getting your data in order is foundational, but you don't drive change from
data alone.
You drive change by getting the right learning to the right learner as quickly
and easily as possible.
Meghan talked about how our customers are balancing the need to deliver learning
that sparks the curiosity of their employees with the need to drive skill
development on strategic topics at scale.
This tension is real for many of you. It's why people cringe when they hear the
words "mandatory training."
The need to deliver wonderful experiences is often trumped by the need to push
out requirements to large groups of employees.
We asked ourselves if we could eliminate that paradox. Could we combine the
world's best learning experience with the tools required to drive strategic
change?
The answer we developed was "Degreed Automations," a no-code tool that enables
learning professionals to easily orchestrate the workflows that direct your
team's growth.
Every day, Degreed's platform observes millions of learning events. This
includes everything from the completion of a learning activity in Degreed to
the changing of a skill, to the changing of a job role in Workday SAP or Oracle
.
These events are markers that help to personalize learning experiences. When
something like a promotion happens for one of your employees, you want your
systems to adapt at that moment to the new situation.
Degreed Automations makes that possible. There shouldn't be a trade-off between
giving every single learner in your organization the experience they need and
giving your C-suite the control they require to bring your workforce into the
future.
And because we've activated Degreed Automations for every LXP customer with the
newest release of Degreed, you don't have to make that trade-off ever again.
free IT, empower L&D, and balance the outcomes that you need with the
experiences your learners deserve. Check it out.
Degreed Automations takes the complexity out of managing your learning programs.
Our goal is to enable you to personalize your learner's environment to direct
your learners with nudges and automate the follow-ups that keep your programs
on track.
When we deliver standard learning experiences, we miss the mark. That is why
some of you have built hundreds of Degreed plans or continue to manage learning
communications in a slew of SharePoint environments.
The way things are today is a mess. Let's see if we can clean it up for you.
Take the case of an employee that has just been promoted to be a manager for
the first time. A clear moment that matters. With Degreed Automations, we can
set triggers that transform the manager's learning experience on Degreed.
We can do it in a way that helps identify the skills and find resources she
needs to be successful. This client is syncing their core HR data into Degreed.
Let's use this data to target learners that have received a promotion and
create an automation. As an L&D professional, I want every new manager in the
organization to be met within upskilling opportunity.
Today to catch everyone, we tend to batch them together in monthly or quarterly
sessions. With Degreed Automations, I can start engaging new managers
immediately when their role first changes.
Without a single line of code, I can share relevant information and training
resources in the moment they're needed. But here, the training we're sharing is
specifically designed for our HR leaders.
I can easily add a condition and target only those users. For our team, which
cares a lot about ensuring new managers get enabled within the first two weeks
of becoming a new manager, automation ensures that the right resources are
delivered to the right users at the right time.
But building a magical program requires more than just getting your employees
to start. We also want to celebrate their achievements. We used to comb through
completions and periodically send bulk follow-ups to our users.
Now with automations, we can offer congratulations in real time. I can design
an email that reaches out to each employee by name, making each message feel
unique and special.
Along with the congratulations, the email will also provide additional
resources tailored to support their growth and success in their new role.
If there were just emails, in-app notifications, and changing permissions, that
would already solve a lot.
But we're taking it to the next level of personalization with innovations we've
delivered through the newly configurable segment-aware home screen.
Part of the beauty is its ability to draw on what we call dynamic segments. A
new way of defining user groups based on shared characteristics, not based on
management of lists that are outdated almost as soon as you save them.
As long as your core HR systems are connected, there are no more managing lists
involved.
With the introduction of our new homepage, we've also put the power of these
segments to work in modernizing the user experience that defines to greed.
When you log into a typical learning software, personalization outside of the
course carousel was typically constrained to a banner that your L&D team could
define at the top of the window.
Yuck. It might have been better than emails with bold subject lines for overdue
training. But it wasn't exactly desirable. With Degreed’s new segment-aware
tiles, we're changing that.
L&D professionals can now quickly configure rules and build personalization
directly in the Degreed's home screen that subtly pulls each learner in the
right direction every time they log in.
We just configured a simple rule and added a new tile.
Now when a new manager logs into Degreed, instead of seeing their company's
generic page, the home screen adapts to prioritize the new manager experiences
when it's most relevant.
Automations are magic, bringing personalization and execution together.
The average large company in the US saw training budgets decrease about 16%
year over year. With automations, we're helping you spend less time and money
on program management overhead, so you can spend more of your budget you have
on learning programs that help your people shine.
Automation takes the complexity out of turning the talent you have into the
talent you need. Let's hear more from BT about the promise of automations for
Workforce Learning.
BT, formerly British Telecom, as a hundred thousand colleagues up and down the
country and globally we are on a journey of transformation from a telecoar to a
technology organization.
As we evolve, sort of the skills and capabilities needed to deliver upon that,
so that's why an LXP with skills at its core was a massive investment for BT.
We launched with Degreed last year in 2023 in March and we launched with two of
our custom-facing units in Business and Digital. We slowly grew from there to
where we're in a space now of a hundred thousand people on the platform.
Self-learning can sometimes be a bit of a lonely place and we want to be able
to provide a journey for colleagues as they go through some of that learning.
Automations can deliver that personal experience that promotes the content that
's right for them at the right time. Some of the big use cases that we saw are
automations being used with was on boarding, especially.
We wanted to be able to engage with colleagues on their first day. We knew we
had that day and we know which part of the business we're at there in and we
can push content to them on that.
But not just on their day one, potentially on their day four, in day 21, and
when they log into my campus as well, which is our internal name for Degreed in
BT, they will say they might have an assignment or something will be shared
with them.
So immediately they're not just going into an empty box. There's something
there that's ready for them depending on where they work in the business.
We push learning to them at the point that we think they need it. Automations
allows that and it makes that possible because we pass in the HR data as well.
That's a massive win for our admins as well who don't have to manually find who
the right people are, who need the right learning.
Automations you can set and forget and that's been brilliant for us.
From an admin side we used to handle that in a completely separate system. We
've been able to sunset that system now as everything comes from my campus and
because the emails and the notifications and everything is from the same
platform, users feel that the journey's connected from start to finish.
We can also set up different automations for different parts of the business to
engage and either promote different content, have different messaging or even
different branding, which is brilliant because it makes the new joiner to BT
feel really like they've had a personal experience on day one.
What I get really excited about is how it can be used to trigger off learning
interactions on the platform. Some of the stuff that you see in our day to day
lives where we interact with things like shopping websites where it'll notice
you've left something in your basket and they'll go, "Did you want to complete
that checkout?"
We're using that kind of thought process with learning where someone that has
maybe began to follow a plan or a pathway and we can go, "Did you know that
there is more for you to do?"
So that might mean a completion of content, someone's followed a plan or a
pathway.
You can use that to then trigger an action which might mean adding a skill to
someone's profile or it could mean that we're actually asking them to complete
a further piece of content on their journey.
So those little nudges that are somewhere between push and pull learning, we
see automations play a massive part in that for us.
So we're really looking forward to working with Degreed in the future, not just
on automations, but some of the products and the functionality that they're
bringing to make learning even more personal.
Alright, we're not quite halfway through and even I'm feeling the need to catch
my breath. We've already covered a lot.
The world is changing fast, check, the seamless integration of academies into
the LXP, check, the announcement of Skills+, check.
We also unveiled new skills partners, some amazing new automations, and our
dynamic new home screen, check, check, and check.
So should we wrap it up early?
Of course not, I've been waiting all year for what's coming next.
Why? Because this year, Degreed has gone all in on AI, not just any AI, but AI
designed specifically for learning.
Generative AI is the ultimate people pleaser, trained to deliver results to try
to make you happy.
But when it comes to learning, that's not always what we need. There are
significant challenges and opportunities.
First, AI is revolutionizing how we find information. Need to find a needle in
a haystack? No problem for AI.
But the real question is, did it find the right needle? Did it search in all
the right places? Did it hallucinate this needle into existence?
And most importantly, does it even understand why we're looking in the haystack
to begin with?
Similarly, AI is helping us create new learning experiences. But how do we
ensure these experiences include the right challenges, opportunities to
question, practice, and even fail?
How do we ensure AI is fostering real development and not just providing
entertainment?
Finally, AI is streamlining tedious administrative tasks. What are we just
doing the wrong things more efficiently?
How do we ensure that human insight, accountability, and values remain central
to the process?
See the key challenge is making sure AI is accurate, effective, and purposeful,
not just appeasing us with its people pleasing tendencies.
At Degreed, We've been hard at work, testing new technologies, tuning
models, and experimenting with workflows, with hundreds of iterations, all in
the hope of unlocking better ways to support learners in their age-old pursuit
of knowledge.
Because simply having access to a powerful LLM isn't enough to transform your
internal talent. There's still much to be done to align today's technology with
the millennia of evolution that have shaped how we learn.
The good news, the opportunities are endless, and many great companies are out
there exploring this new frontier. We're proud to be one of them. And we hope
your has inspired, excited, and curious as we are to get a glimpse into the
future ahead of us.
AI means change and change is learning.
We're a human capital research advisory membership firm, and we focus on some
of the most interesting problems in HR.
Our job is to provide high quality, unbiased research on things like AI, and
skills, and learning.
We founded Gretel in early 2020. The concept was pretty straightforward. Our
view was that as we fast forward, and we look at the impact of artificial
intelligence, machine learning, data science, the companies that are going to
be the winners are the ones that are going to have the most valuable insightful
data.
Runway has an applied AI research company building the next era of art,
entertainment, and human creativity.
Every vendor you look at is telling you, "We have AI." Our data shows in a
recent study we just completed that 90% of vendors said, "We have AI."
The pressure is the economic pressure to do things more productively, more
efficiently. You're seeing lots of activity being driven by those things
already. I don't think that ever goes away, especially when that costs come
down.
The promise is about increasing and improving the quality of people's work, the
quality of the creativity, creating new kinds of customer experiences.
We've certainly seen a pretty drastic evolution from last year to this year,
from a maturity standpoint.
And in some industries, the acceleration is directly tied to the fact that the
leaders feel like their data is their only mode.
So if they don't move quickly, leveraging the latest sort of generate AI
technologies, smaller startups or newcomers going to drop faster and move
faster, so that becomes a differentiator.
We know that a lot of people are experimenting with AI, but what's super
interesting about that as well is a lot of them are not telling their employer
that they're experimenting with AI.
One of the most interesting things for me is that AI is not just applicable and
all of the end user cases we think about today.
From chatbots to helping with customer service, to helping practice writing a
speech or writing a paper.
For me, what I find most interesting about AI is that it is applicable to every
single part of our business.
I think we're about to move out of that phase from experiment to what I would
call expand.
And expand means that one, we're going to see more scale of AI in the
organization.
So instead of this individualized experimentation, we're going to see a broader
expansion of AI across the organization in a more coherent way and in a lot
more clarity around what we want folks to adopt and do differently.
We see three things happening.
First of all, there are things that L&D teams do today that they can be doing
much more efficiently.
We're already seeing a lot of activity around creating content, for example.
The second thing is that we can create totally new kinds of experiences that we
can't do today.
So think about things like hyper-personalized career and development plans.
And then the third thing is we can automate entirely new workflows.
There were only just beginning to understand.
Open-source models are going to get better and better.
And more likely, they're going to get smaller and smaller so they can be more
functional.
I do think that it will enable us to have more time to think more critically
about what we're doing, to ask better questions, to connect with other people
more and better, and to hopefully be able to meet other people where they are
because we're not so distracted by some of these other things around us.
As we enter an era where AI and technology redefine what's possible, learning
becomes more important than ever.
I think you have two choices. You can either let this automate your tasks in a
road, your stability, or you can look at this as a way to do your job better
and more creatively than other people.
The first time I saw Degreed, it was magic.
A learning system that was built to help me find what I wanted in a way that
matched my needs and how I wanted to learn.
I'd been struggling through the world of requirements based enterprise learning
for years.
Then all of a sudden, bam, something new. At the heart of it was a recognition
that learning is a personal thing.
It's why we are so bullish on the AI transformation of learning.
Nothing is more personal than a system that takes your input, responds uniquely
, and guides you along the way.
It's also why as a company, we've been continuing to invest and stay ahead of
the curve on AI, to drive innovation, and to do it in a responsible way.
In the last year, we've had some major AI advancements, starting with job role
to skill inference engine that makes it simpler and faster for HR professionals
to build out their skill mappings.
Now, when you add a role in Degreed, our AI can infer and suggest skills.
While it's hidden to learners, it means that their context can be accounted for
every time they log into Degreed.
We've also updated our onboarding flow and further improved the intelligence
engine that can comb through resume data and extract skills, experiences, and
proficiency levels.
With the simple resume upload, a profile can be built in seconds.
To make the Degreed experience richer or millions of learners, we've added
skills suggestions into our profile screens, prompting learners to build out
their profiles.
It's passive inference, combined with user choice. Behind the scenes, we used
our intelligence engine to begin tagging content across our platform.
In December, we'll add automated tagging of content by proficiency level, eas
ing the process of finding the most relevant content for your learners.
And at LENS earlier this year, we launched Degreed assistant in beta, allowing
our AI to be used for exploration, discovery, and automated pathway generation.
But we haven't slowed down. Now, here at Vision, we get to the exciting part.
Over the past year, we've asked ourselves a simple question. What if all of
your employees had access to the best experts in the world for a set of tasks?
Subject matter experts, executive coaches, and content curators? How would they
change your approach to development?
At the end of our exploration was an answer, Degreed Maestro. Maestro is the
next generation of the Degreed assistant.
It takes advantage of developments happening in AI at a frenetic pace, gains in
foundational models, new capabilities in voice, and increases in context
windows.
When we looked at all these together, we realized that AI can become your
personal coach, and not just generically, tuned for the use cases that your
transformation requires.
Over the last six months, many of you have tested our AI chat with in Degreed.
As we explored alongside you, we realized the power of turning the one agent
into a platform for many.
And if Maestro does just that, that'll be great. Let's jump into a quick demo
of Maestro.
Maestro is built natively into the Degreed experience you've come to know and
love.
For example, Maestro can be put front and center on the homepage when the
learner first logs in.
By the way, this is just one of the many benefits of the newly configured
homepage that Quint showed you earlier.
Maestro also has a dedicated location in Degreed so that it can be accessed at
any time.
To start, there are several out-of-the-box coaches focused on career
development, leadership development, and skill review.
Soon, we'll add capabilities to tune coaches to fit your organization's
specific needs.
What sets these coaches apart is they retain past conversations and apply that
personalized contacts each and every time you meet them.
Let's take a closer look at the skill review coach.
Here, I'm prompted to select a skill and I'm going to choose one of the focus
skills that I have on my profile, which happens to be public speaking.
And just like that, you're off to assess my current skill level.
Hi, Nag. It's nice to meet you. I'm here to chat about your public speaking
skills today.
Considering your role as a Chief Product Officer, I'm guessing you have a lot
of opportunities to speak in front of others.
Can you tell me a bit about your experience with public speaking?
Yes, I do have to use that skill quite a bit in front of customers, in front of
analysts,
and in fact, I'm actually using that skill right now by presenting to thousands
of attendees at an event Degreed is hosting.
I see.
Wow, presenting to 1,000 attendees sounds impressive. How do you typically
prepare for such large presentations,
and do you usually handle it all on your own or do you have a team that helps
you out?
I do lots of preparation for the sessions. I try to keep the presentations
humorous and interactive and trying to know the audience.
I'm confident that the audience will enjoy what I'm sharing today.
That sounds like a solid approach, Nag. Keeping things humorous and interactive
is a great way to engage your audience.
In this small example, you can see interacting with the coaches just like
talking to someone you've known for years.
The conversation is natural, quick, and informative.
For anyone that's had a coaching relationship in the past, you know a skill
building doesn't happen during the session.
Instead, it happens between sessions.
To that end, after each coaching session, I'm presented with a summary of our
conversation.
Degreed content that I can further engage with, and a report I can export to PDF
for sharing with my manager.
Switching gears to the career development coach.
Now, you can see how the coach remembers our previous conversations and has the
proper context.
So each time we meet the discussion is personalized and continuous.
And some days, you may not feel like talking to a coach.
And that's okay, because you can seamlessly switch between voice and text, and
the voice of each session is transcribed.
This also means I can refer back to past coaching I've received.
These coaches are stitched into the fabric of Degreed.
So like content, they can be included in pathways, plans, and even academies.
Now imagine you're kicking off an initiative at your product organization to up
skill everyone about leadership and strategy.
To accomplish this, you've created a pathway with relevant internal and
external content.
My stroke can become an always-on helper that can guide learners along the way.
Add a leadership coach to the pathway, and it can give you personalized
suggestions.
All with the context of your skills profile, past accomplishments, current
learning progress,
and areas of interest.
Everything in degree immediately becomes more personal.
One of my favorite parts of my stroke is when you near the end of a pathway,
you can immediately recognize your progress with the skill review.
My stroke can be the engine that recognizes skills and build workforce insights
for your organization.
We're not stopping here.
We're actively testing my stroke coaches for learning evaluations and practice
simulations.
And we are most excited to see how all of you can use our coaches and tune them
for your upskilling needs.
Maestro will be released into a beta program in October to a select group of
clients who are eager to co-develop with us.
If you are interested, please reach out to your Degreed account team.
This is just the beginning.
Transformation never stops and we are excited to help you truly deliver
personalized learning with the type of skill never before possible.
Alright, that is a lot of product. Skills, Automation, and now AI.
You might think we're done, but it wouldn't be a degree to end without talking
ecosystem.
How's your close tech stack working out for you?
My guess? Not so good.
It is because a closed approach to building your learning stack may be enticing
for HR.
It often sounds simple.
It can help short-term operations, but it isn't good for learners.
And it mortgages your future by denying your employees the learning they need
to keep your company ahead of your competition.
Whether it's integrating with skill vendors or the traditional HCM vendors, LMS
, talent marketplaces, and content vendors,
we believe that you benefit when we take an open approach.
That approach has led us to partner with companies we compete with directly.
Companies of all sizes and always advocate for an interoperable future.
It's made us some enemies, but it's also want us some even better friends.
Let's hear from one such friend, SAP.
With today's rapid pace of innovation, every company wants to get ahead and
stay ahead of their competition.
And that's why setting up a strong skills foundation and a solid learning
strategy is so critical.
At SAP, we're continuing to build on our legacy in learning and talent with
partners like Degreed.
Helping to ensure our joint customers, such as BT and Ericsson, have the best
content and tools to drive ongoing development.
Bringing Degreed and SAP success factors together, orchestrating across the
entire learning and talent experience for complex workforce transformations is
what we are motivated to do.
Integrating users, learning the 30-million content resources that Degreed has
with SAP success factors, talent intelligence hub to capture those skills with
bidirectional integration is going to serve our joint customers.
We're excited to continue this partnership with Degreed and help our joint
customers build a skills foundation for the future and cultivate a spirit of
learning.
We believe learners benefit when we take an open approach.
It helps drive down the cost of learning because it enables a healthy
competitive ecosystem.
It also improves outcomes when everyone can use the very best tool or course to
learn what they need.
Do you remember when there was only one real option for e-learning content?
It was the worst era of modern learning.
Now, you to me, Coursera, Pluralsight, Ted@Work, Masterclass, BookClub, edX, Open
Sesame, Get Abstract, a competitive learning landscape is a healthy learning
landscape.
And we haven't forgotten that Degreed's ultimate promise to the learner is to
enable this over your lifetime, not just with a single employer or provider.
Degreed's commitment to orchestrating an open ecosystem helps the LND industry
move forward with an open approach that fosters innovation.
It is part of the reason we set up Degreed the way we did.
I found a Degreed to recognize all of your learning and skills.
We are living through that shift towards a skilled-based world that I have been
dreaming about for the last two decades.
Degreed's skill journey is following a path we've seen before, as learning has
gone from being a closed, often exclusive and very expensive experience to
being a more open, democratized one.
Consider the consumption of music.
You used to have to go to a store and buy an entire album.
Now as Spotify and Apple Music, you can listen to any piece of music you want
when you want.
You can create playlists, different songs across artists and genres that flow
together.
Consider our TV experience.
We've gone from three channels on the TV to an explosion of options, hundreds
of cable channels, dozens of streaming services, millions of shows and movies.
Not to mention the explosion of content on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, all at
your fingertips, real time available to everyone, all enabled by technology, an
openness and interoperability.
Now, the same has happened in learning.
Today, Degreed can curate playlists of learning content from across providers.
We can orchestrate personalized pathways and use automations to deliver
learning when and where you need it.
We can give you an AI coach that gives you feedback and support you need in
real time.
Now, there is an explosion of skill providers tackling different challenges
surrounding and developing the assessing and verifying of skills.
Are take has always been that it shouldn't matter where or how you developed your
skills.
Our job is to enable an openness and interoperability across the entire
ecosystem as it grows.
This will enable everyone to walk the best path, use the best tools that work
for them and is how we deliver value to our customers and to each learner.
You heard Deb talk about the importance of partnerships when it comes to the
next major release of Degreed skills.
In this moment, with technology changing everything we do, it is more important
than ever.
Next, I will be sitting down with one of our partners to talk about how we can
ride this wave of change together.
I'm happy now to be introducing another one of our friends.
And at moments where the competitor, Kian Katanforoosh, the CEO and founder
of Workera.
Kian is one of the best minds in AI in the world of corporate skills and
learning.
So their platform, it allows you to assess and verify your skills.
This relationship reflects the ethos that we have been talking about.
One where we are committed to enabling you to connect all of the best providers
and tools and solutions together.
To enable everything that must be true to unlock this skills future, we are all
so excited to see come alive.
Kian, welcome to vision.
Thank you, Dave.
And true Simon Sinek fashion, he says to always start with why.
Give me the why behind Workera.
That's a great question.
Why Workera?
When we started Workera, a lot of large organizations were telling us that they
were struggling to understand their skills.
Understand their strength and their gaps. Understand how they compare to
benchmarks.
Where do I stand in the broader market? And it turns out that this measurement
possibility is the tip of the spear of pretty much every enterprise talent
strategy.
Because if you don't understand your skills, then you can't make the right
talent decisions.
You're essentially shooting in the dark.
You can't develop your people effectively. You can't match them to the right
projects.
You can't identify opportunities internally for them.
And so that was the why. Can we provide a measurement system that is reliable,
accurate, fun to engage with for the learner, and that gives you something back
that is not pass-fail, but is actually extremely rich in the type of skills
insights that it can give you?
What has made Workera sort of a leader in this field and able to do this when
so many others have struggled?
Yeah, I think it's easy to build quizzes, but it's really hard to build an
assessment that is valuable, actionable, statistically sound.
And I think part of the innovation that we brought to the ecosystem is one, the
granularity of our measurements.
If I run an adaptive assessment on you, I'm going to start based on soft
signals that I have about you, maybe your title, or maybe your department, or
maybe yours of experience.
But those are high-level information that can help me start somewhere with my
adaptive assessments.
And then from there, I will use predictive capabilities to say, if David knows
this, he probably knows that.
And that allows me about an hour to give you a very rich set of insights on
that pretty large skill requirements.
So we all have a lot of skills, probably depending on how we define them,
hundreds, thousands.
But in our daily work, most of us are probably using a dozen core skills, maybe
two dozen, and then there's some ancillary or tangential skills we use on
occasion.
And then there's probably some foundation of just a lot of skills.
How do you think about not every skill is created equal or we don't use every
skill equally?
And so as you translate that into the work here, a platform, and approach, how
do you think about it?
A couple of frameworks for skills requirements that I like.
The first one is that skilled requirements are built by a variety of people. An
executive may define the skills that are necessary for an entire organization,
such as AI readiness, collaboration, problem solving, critical thinking.
A manager may define skills for their team that are necessary for the next six
months to deliver the project.
And an individual may add to those requirements their own skills aspirations,
the things that they care about longer term for their career. All of that
together comes into a very well defined skill requirement that an employee will
be verified on, get feedback on, and then upskilled against.
The second framework that I think is trending right now across our customer
base is the T-shaped career framework, where the horizontal bar of the T
represents the durable skills. Those that are more foundational, as you said,
those that may last longer in terms of how much they helpfully are on the job.
And then you have the vertical bar of the T that are more perishable skills.
They may need refreshing on a very regular basis. I think innovation can only
happen with both durable and perishable skills. They can, they happen with
perishable skill, but they continue with durable skills. If you don't have the
durable skills, you will lack speed in terms of how much you learn over the
future and you will not keep up with progress.
So I like that T-shaped framework. Does you zoom out and look into the future,
the impact that AI is going to have on learning, is it overhyped, is it real?
You know, what's your point of view?
I'm an optimist. I'm not a doomer. I think it is underhyped. I feel that we've
seen the first few generations of large language models, sometimes called multi
-modal models.
I think the next generations that are going to come in 2025 and beyond are
going to be mind-blowing and are going to revolutionize the learning ecosystem.
The reason I'm saying that is because we are seeing, for example, in the coding
space, software engineering, co-pilots, the ability for AI to generate pretty
amazing stuff that can be multi-modal.
I think for learning, it matters. Every learner is different. They will have
different skill sets. They will have different learning preferences. If you're
able to generate low latency, almost immediately, the immersive experience that
they care about, how magical is that?
It's a game changer. I think AI improves assessments. AI improves learning. I
mean, we all see in a few years that you can consider content generation to be
almost immediate and personalized to the individual.
The potential of AI for our space is tremendous. There was no way that I could
ignore that. That's why I spent my graduate school focused on AI. I tried to
tighten it as well as I could with the skills ecosystem.
Talk to me now about the benefit to the individual, to the employee. As we
shift into the skills-based world, as they can get their skills irrespective of
where they've acquired them verified,
what's the benefit you see? How does this change things for that worker, for
the employee?
The context of the job market is going to change. First, because the half-life
of skills is going down, meaning that skills need to be refreshed constantly,
the learning velocity of an individual has to be high, if they want to compete
in the job market in the future.
The second aspect is we will live in a world where most people that are going
to apply for jobs are coming from a university, a job, a program that you may
never have heard of.
The need to prove their skills is even higher than it used to be. I think that
people will have a variety of ways to prove their past skills, to prove their
future potential, through passive ways of measuring, that are continuous
tracking, through active ways of measuring, that are in 10 minutes, 20 minutes,
30 minutes able to prove a certain skill and have that digital badge.
I think there's going to be a variety of ways for people to prove their skills.
I'm really bullish on the fact that, I hope in 5 to 10 years from now, we will
have a very precise pulse of the supply of skills in the market, of the demand
of skills for skills in the market.
Then we can turn the workforce into a much more fluid system that can reduce
unemployment among other things.
As you think about partnering with Degreed, what made you want to partner? What
do you think about it?
First, Degreed is the leading learning experience platform in the world. You
created the category, right? You're the OG.
With hundreds of customers around the world, for me, I think for a long time we
were thinking what is work here as a unique specialty that it can provide
effectively to the ecosystem and that can contribute to other platforms.
For us, that is the key to the skills verification, very tight skills
intelligence. I think we're really, really good at that. There are other things
that we don't do as well.
Sometimes I tell my team, if you look at the vendors in L&D, everybody will
have dozens of features on their website. When you look between the lines,
there are one or two things that companies are really, really good at.
If they can partner with each other, I think ultimately it benefits the end
user and ultimately it benefits the enterprise.
I'm glad that you pushed for that interoperability, that integration within our
ecosystem, because ultimately if we can all provide our specialty to our
clients, then they're the winners in the end.
Kian, thank you so much. You're someone I admire, respect, someone I am trying
to learn from, and from everyone at Degreed, we're very grateful for the work
here at Degreed Partnership. Thanks for being here.
Thank you, David, for having me.
It's awesome. So as we look ahead, so excited. I hope this represents everyone
's season at the push that we have to make the ecosystem work well, and to that
end we've got one more big announcement for you.
Hi everyone, I am back because you wouldn't be at the degree event without even
more discussion about our ecosystem.
And it definitely wouldn't be at the degree event without talking about
learning content. Today, Degreed’s connected to more than 3500 sources of
learning content, providing access to 39 million learning resources in 35
languages.
But the world changed. The minute the AI started to enable deeper levels of
personalization. You started on Nags demo. It's not just a question of how we
deploy technology within Degreed, but also how we manage data across our
partnerships to enrich our AI.
In the spirit of pushing the industry forward, we are taking the next step
today by announcing Degreed’s AI Ready Partner Category. A program designed to
enable Degreed customers to get even more out of the system they already have
invested in.
We have worked alongside some of the most established content vendors in the
industry to map the data, the flows, and approach to drive more intelligence
into the discovery of content you need at the moment you need it.
Allow to excited to partner with simply learn at that that work and plural site
long standing degree collaborators helping to upskill the world's workforce
across industry together.
We are ready to bring our customers the next generation of in-app content
discovery simply learn at that that work and plural site are providing degree
deeper levels of metadata to help our AI deliver improvements in search,
recommendations, and inside of my experience.
That means that you will be able to ask for information about your content,
whatever you work. We will bring this AI capability into the flows of work soon
, whether you are in teams, in Microsoft Copilot or HomeBuildbot.
Our launch partners are defining the standards that we will use across our
platform, bringing new levels of intelligence to every part of your learning
experience.
By working across the industry to define a standard and process to enable
semantic search, we aim to transform the world of content access once again.
Getting ready for an AI first world, bringing new levels of intelligence to
every part of your learning experience.
This moment is bigger than us. So take a listen to Krishna Kumar, the founder
and CEO of Simplilearn about why he is so excited about this moment.
We are at the forefront of upskilling individuals on AI and we are used by some
of the most transformative global organizations out there.
While there is a tremendous amount of learning content available across sources
today, we are on a mission to help individuals discover the content they need
to create better outcomes faster.
That's why we are so excited to be one of the Degreed initial AI ready partners
as they launch new capabilities to solve that age-old problem of this company.
AI is not only a tool to automate tasks, it's also a tool to make existing
processes better.
When it comes to learning AI can help every individual discover more based on
their needs. Through Simplilearn's partnership with Degreed, we have deepened the
integration between Simplilearn's content library
by offering more access to Degreed's AI for search, discovery and
recommendations.
Now when someone looks to learn about a specific topic within the Degreed
platform, they get more relevant recommendations of Simplilearn's learning
content.
Degreed's search and Degreed's AI derives context from deep within the Simplilearn
library, helping users get right answers fast.
Content you need at the moment you need. We are excited for the value that this
partnership will bring the joint customers of Simplilearn and Degreed and the
transformative learning experience that Degreed is bringing to the market.
New technology, new opportunities to improve the way people learn and we are
happy to see Degreed leading the charge again.
This collaboration will offer customers a personalized learning experience,
effective learning outcomes, equipping employees with job-ready skills
and the competitive advantage they need to stand apart. Get ready for a truly
revolutionary learning experience.
One where learning is more precise to your needs, interests and competency.
More relevant than ever before, more effective in preparing you for the future.
Fast.
In the last hour, we covered a lot of ground. We unveiled Skills+. We
demonstrated the power of automations and we unveiled Maestro.
Which brings new AI-driven learning experiences into the core of Degreed. You
heard from our customers. You saw the product in action.
And we talked about the vibrant Degreed ecosystem with our partners directly.
Our innovation is important. But so is how we are doing it.
At Enterprise scale. Degreed is growing up. Vision is putting us on a cadence of
releasing new innovations at two major moments each year.
LENS, when we all get together in person and celebrate as well. And Vision. But
the releases we walked you through today don't end here.
In Quyen’s demo, you saw our updated home screen. This is the user experience
transformation many of you have been waiting for.
This user experience, which is entirely configurable and segment aware. So your
individual learners can log into an environment optimized for them.
This is already in production with early access customers. In October, we'll
extend our early access program, giving all of you time to familiarize yourself
with the experience and the power of the new home screen.
With each major release over the next year, we'll publish new cards that will
allow you to configure this environment to your organization's needs.
And the best part about the new home screen is that we've coupled the launch of
our new UX with our new Webhooks platform.
This enables us to consume real time information from leading HCM and LMS
partners to present the most up to date information from compliance training
systems, removing the need to check multiple systems to stay on track.
Many of you have been waiting for Skills+ for some time. Well, you don't
have to wait much longer at all. In early December, we will deliver Skills+
with all the innovation that Meghan showed earlier.
In the following releases, we'll add more advanced skill insights, including
bringing in Degreed benchmarks and labor market insights from Fathom.
We're also doubling down on the creation of a clear integration framework so
that we can add new partners for skill validation and inference and you enable
you to do the same.
Even more, the Maestro demo I gave you isn't science fiction. What I showed you
is our own staging environment. We love testing AI across the company.
Maestro is going to be live in beta for customers in October. Please reach out
to your account teams if you are interested in getting involved in our launch.
We'll also consistently release new coaches into production and give you the
ability to work with our services team to tune and deliver the coaches you want
optimized for your environments.
As we work on each of these, our foundation gets stronger and we haven't
forgotten to invest in the core learning platform that you rely on every day.
New automations will be coming with every release. We continue to invest in new
reporting, new configuration capabilities and even more integrations across
different ecosystem partners.
Finally, for those of you who have skill your teams in the flow of work, we're
going a step beyond Microsoft Teams. Our co-pilot integration is currently
being developed. Please reach out if you are interested in seeing this in
action.
What we ship is important but so is how we deliver that innovation. We believe
that every Degreed customer needs a foundation change that is rock solid.
It's why we have stressed the importance of one platform, one data model and
one trust layer. No one wants the headache of mashup applications and
technologies. With a Degreed, you don't have that.
We are also making significant investments over the next few quarters to
further reinforce our platform.
In our recent July release, we delivered several key enhancements to the
platform designed to improve your experience and draw better outcomes. We
added learning data to advanced analytics, expanding insights into learner
behavior and program ROI.
We introduced Degreed’s AI SDK focused on delivering powerful AI capabilities
that are built with trust and transparency our customers need.
We launched Workday Integration with bi-directional skill-sinking and shooting
a seamless flow of data between platforms. For admins, we have rolled out skill
suggestions for job roles and Degreed admins to make it easier to align roles
with right skills.
And we have enhanced segment administration, now supporting bulk updates and cl
oning for greater efficiency.
As we continue investing in new experiences across platform, we are also
ensuring that our core capabilities scale with your needs.
In October, we are adding even more flexibility to meet the growing complexity
of deployments.
Our integration of academies into LXP ensures that deep skill building program
benefits from the same reporting, permissions, content libraries and autom
ations that you already love from Degreed.
We have revamped our navigation for end users and administrations and will be
putting this into early release and answering usability.
We have unified segments and groups making administration easier and most
streamlined.
In addition, you will see configurable branding, making it easier to manage
your learning environments.
As we serve more mission-critical use cases, it's vital that we deliver the
enterprise-grade experiences your teams need.
Over the next few quarters, you will see trust and observability innovations
with trust pages and status pages for real-time transparency.
Reponing innovations, including self-serve reporting, giving you more control
over your data.
Stability innovations to improve the performance and reliability of integr
ations.
And support for custom security roles offering more flexibility in how you
manage access and permissions.
This foundation ensures that all of this incredible capabilities work together
seamlessly enabling your organizations to scale, secure and optimize your
learning ecosystem with confidence.
Together, this is helping us to deliver a platform built for speed, scalability
and impact.
Max kicked us off today by mentioning that this moment demanded a lot of degree
.
The world of learning is changing.
For the first time though, we have both the data and the technology to truly
bridge the skills gap in a personalized way at scale.
But at the same time, the growing skills gap means that the world's workforce
is under a lot of pressure.
So, the importance of lifelong learning is getting greater than it ever has
been.
12 years ago, I started getting people's attention by calling out the absurdity
of when you get asked about your education, most people will respond with their
decades-old credential.
Now that we have all of the world's knowledge in our pocket and the world's
best AI tutors right there alongside us, this is even more absurd.
I've told our team on multiple occasions. Now the innovations that we needed to
deliver at Vision had to represent a step change for our customers.
And I believe it is.
Now, the Degreed can help you get three jobs done.
So the first is to pinpoint your skill needs.
We give you insights into all of the skills data across the entirety of the
workforce.
The second is to personalize each employee's development against their skills
gap.
We enable everyone to take the action they need, where they need it.
And the third is to measure the impact and the ROI.
We can help you evaluate your impact and adjust course along the way as needed.
Over the last nine months, we've been working hand in hand with enterprises
like Ericsson, Capgemini, BT, HSBC, and so many more to deliver the innovation
that's actually needed to help you transform the talent you have.
And you saw the results today. We introduced new capabilities and a new name of
Skills+.
For the first time enabling every one of our customers to choose their own
skills taxonomy and skill scale.
And have Degreed to the heavy lifting of normalizing that data, synchronizing it
across your content vendors, and validation partners, and putting it into your
HR systems.
We then use it to adjust your Degreed experience in real time.
We unveiled new functionality from Degreed automations, which will help admins
do their job more efficiently and effectively.
Not only helping them to just build campaigns and add access rights, but also
now with our updated home screen allowing admins to dynamically control the
very home screen experience.
The very home screen experience within Degreed based on the same engine that
drives automations.
And lastly, we revealed Maestro, the next generation of our AI, delivering fine
-tuned learning AI to help support specific situations in a learner's life, all
embedded within the Degreed experience.
There was also a lot from our open ecosystem partners. We announced new
partnerships to help drive skill validation.
We've established a new category for AI-powered content discovery, and you
heard directly from the folks at Workera, Pearson, and Simplilearn.
Importantly, I hope that this reminded all of you that you aren't on this
journey alone.
We are all better when we collaborate, when we learn from each other, and when
we enable all of these systems to work together.
We know that's what you all want and need to be successful, and we are
committed to leading an open ecosystem approach to workforce technology.
We only scratch the surface today. We know that many of you will have questions
and will want to dive deeper.
We will be hosting follow-up deep dive webinars on all of these announcements,
and we'll be sharing more information on how you can register immediately after
vision.
And our one final announcement to share, we are excited that we will be back on
stage in person at LENS this April.
All of you are invited to join us in Orlando, Florida on April 15th and 16th.
We have some really exciting announcements up our sleeves, along with engaging
speakers, collaborative breakout sessions with your peers, where you can
discuss all the best practices, and we'll be having some fun too.
Registration is open, and we can't wait to see you there. Thanks everyone.
[Music]